readme.md, before:

# Analog Clock with JavaScript

### Developed By: [Hassan Raza](https://hassanraza.net)

## Demo
![Analog Clock Demo](img/analog-clock-by-hassan-with-js.gif)

Welcome to the Analog Clock JavaScript Project repository! This project is a simple and elegant analog clock created using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It's a fun way to learn and demonstrate the capabilities of front-end web technologies.

## Features

- **Real-Time Clock:** The analog clock displays the current time accurately and updates in real-time.
- **Smooth Animation:** The clock hands smoothly move to show the time transition, providing a pleasant user experience.
- **Customizable Design:** You can easily customize the clock's appearance by adjusting the CSS styles.
- **Responsive:** The clock is responsive and works well on various screen sizes, from desktop to mobile devices.

## Getting Started

You can clone this repository to your local machine and open the `index.html` file in your web browser to interact with the analog clock. Feel free to explore the code and make modifications to suit your preferences.

## Usage

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/hassanrazadev/analog-clock-with-js.git
   ```
       
2. Open `index.html` in your preferred web browser. 
3. Customize the clock's appearance by modifying the CSS in the `main.css` file.

## Contributions
Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to enhance the clock or fix issues, please open a pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

Add support for date and 12 hours digital clock

readme.md, after:

# Analog Clock with JavaScript

### Developed By: [Hassan Raza](https://hassanraza.net)

## Demo
![Analog Clock Demo](img/analog-clock-by-hassan-with-js.gif)

Welcome to the Analog Clock JavaScript Project repository! This project is a simple and elegant analog clock created using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. It's a fun way to learn and demonstrate the capabilities of front-end web technologies.

## Features

- **Real-Time Clock:** The analog clock displays the current time accurately and updates in real-time.
- **Smooth Animation:** The clock hands smoothly move to show the time transition, providing a pleasant user experience.
- **Customizable Design:** You can easily customize the clock's appearance by adjusting the CSS styles.
- **Responsive:** The clock is responsive and works well on various screen sizes, from desktop to mobile devices.
- **Date:** The clock will display current date in DD/MM/YYYY format
- **Digital Clock:** The clock will display a 12 hours digital clock.

## Getting Started

You can clone this repository to your local machine and open the `index.html` file in your web browser to interact with the analog clock. Feel free to explore the code and make modifications to suit your preferences.

## Usage

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/hassanrazadev/analog-clock-with-js.git
   ```
       
2. Open `index.html` in your preferred web browser. 
3. Customize the clock's appearance by modifying the CSS in the `main.css` file.

## Contributions
Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to enhance the clock or fix issues, please open a pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE.txt).
